"Headed out to the back forty. If I ain't back by dark send the dog"
"That copperhead on the porch ain't gonna shoot itself"
"Tell mama I ate the last of the cornbread and I ain't sorry"
"Truck's making a sound like a drunk possum but she'll hold"
"Got into it with a wild hog this morning. Hog lost"
"Brother I will walk into that meeting and say exactly what everybody's thinking"
"Storm's coming in green. I'm staying on the porch to watch it"
"If the good lord wanted me to be afraid he shouldn't have made me this stubborn"
"Buddy tried to flex on me at the gas station. I just laughed and filled my tank"
"Fixing the roof today. No harness. Don't tell your mother"
"I said what I said and I'll say it again louder if need be"
"Gator was sunning on the boat ramp. I moved him myself"
"Doc says my blood pressure's high. I told him so is my tolerance for nonsense"
"Yes I rode the bull. Yes I got thrown. Yes I'm getting back on"
"That man looked me dead in the eye and I didn't blink first"
"Ain't no committee meeting gonna scare a man who's been charged by a brahma"
"Brought the chain saw. Brought the whiskey. Let's clear this tree"
"Somebody's got to say it so it might as well be me"
"I don't need luck I need y'all to get out the way"
"Woke up at 4. Fed the horses. Killed a spider the size of my hand. Regular Tuesday"
"They told me not to go in the burning barn. I went in the burning barn"
"If you're waiting on me to back down you better pack a lunch"
"She said I'm reckless. I said I'm decisive. Same thing different attitude"
"Fish aren't biting but I don't quit and they know it"
"Preacher asked me what I fear. I told him undercooked chicken and that's about it"
"Walking into the IRS office like I own the place because frankly they owe ME"
"Tornado sirens going off. I'm grilling. Steaks are almost done"
"Ran out of gas on the county road. Walked 6 miles. Didn't complain once. Ok maybe once"
"Tell Dale I'll arm wrestle him for the deer stand and he knows it"
"Had words with the HOA president. He don't make eye contact with me no more"
"My granddaddy didn't raise no coward and neither did his granddaddy"
"Lightning hit the oak out front. I went out to check on the tree not hide from the storm"
"Yes I told the boss he was wrong. In front of everybody. Because he was wrong"
"Somebody's stealing tomatoes out my garden and I WILL find out who"
"Dog treed a bobcat. I climbed up to get a look. Worth it"
"I ain't lost. The road just ain't going where it should"
"Put hot sauce on my eggs this morning and felt like I could fight God"
"They want me to apologize. They're gonna be waiting a real long time"
"Drove through the flood water. Truck coughed but we made it. Always do"
"Man at the feed store tried to short change me. ONCE"
"If it growls I stare at it. If it hisses I stare harder"
"Taking the boat out in the rain because fish don't care and neither do I"
"Heard a noise under the house at 2am. Grabbed the flashlight not the phone"
"I'll shake any man's hand but I won't kiss any man's boots"
"Wasp nest above the door. Give me 10 minutes and a broom handle"
"They cancelled the game for weather. I'm out throwing the ball in the mud anyway"
"Told the mechanic I'd do it myself. Did it myself. Saved $400"
"Some folks pray for courage. I just get up and go"
"Rattlesnake in the shed. We had a conversation. He left"
"Night y'all. Sleeping with the windows open because a man needs the air and I ain't scared of nothing that's out there"